chicken so the ingredients are one
chicken breast a half of Ahab's
available one slice of ham some green
pesto a mixture of herbs to taste will
be using cayenne pepper organo quick a
powder garlic powder salt and pepper I
have a tablespoon of finish and just a
little pinch of cayenne pepper but you
can choose any herbs you like first of
all slice the ham into strips now too
thin not too thick so that they fit any
chicken yeah so you get something like
this now also cut the mozzarella into
strips you cut it lengthwise like this
and just cut it again let you get strips
like this what you're going to do now is
cut the chicken in half lengthwise just
cut through but not completely we're
going to make a little how do you say
bitter or something pocket a pocket to
stuff all of your stuffing in there also
make sure you cut to here and here so
you can get maximal space if you lay
your hand on top you can really feel the
knife so it's easier to feel when you're
going through or something so we've got
a nice pocket as you can see in which we
can put our stuffing before we start
stuffing let's see in the chicken
start on one side we like a lot of
seasoning can we like a lot of flavor
that you can really choose the seasoning
or how much you use precedent and of
course season both sides for extra
flavor now for the stuffing first we're
going to take about a teaspoon of pesto
and scoop it in there think that will be
enough now just spread it over chicken
and chicken now we're going to take some
mozzarella are we going to put it in
there quite deep because it will melt
anyway pick some ham it was sausage
asking for chicken don't be afraid to
really stuff it in there it's kind of
gross but it's really yummy make sure
you can still close it a bit like this
that will do now a good tip to make sure
that the chickens stay sealed put some
toothpicks in there at the ends and
you're filling or your stuffing won't
come out as quick there you go put some
olive oil in a pan once it's hot fried a
chicken of you
if you notice that your chicken is
frying too fast just lower the heat and
put a lid on it after a couple of
minutes take out the toothpicks and flip
it to the other side dr. technicians
already if you want you can put
toothpicks back in there just to make
sure that everything everything tastes
in already when you notice that it's
kind of dumb just plate it up look at it
and this is a final results it's
delicious red rice mmm now if you like
this video just press the like button or
if you really really really really liked
it you can always subscribe or share
with your friends thank you